###Enemy & boss concepts

##Enemy ideas

1- A quadratic Goomba-like creature that simply walks left and changes to right if it hits a wall or equal. SOFT

2- An similiar enemy but twice as big and has a really thich shell. This requires the player to use a stone or mecha-hand
to destroy shell and reveal the softer enemy on the inside. This can at first be a mini-boss which then becomes a regular enemy. HARD

3- An enemy with a impenetrable skin, it's only weak spot is an eye that can be poked at with a stick or the ray gun. EYE

4- A jumping version of number 1, jumps back and forth, making your life miserable. SOFT

5- A medium sized enemy that mostly stands still and jumps once in a while. Shoots lasers and can only
be hurt on his back. UNKNOWN

6- Make some sort of miniboss which later on becomes a standard enemy. Has a thick armour that shares
visual resemblance to the Romp-stomp blocks, as the armour is crushed by stomping a few times.
After the armour is crushed, can be hurt anywhere in any way you want, but it becomes enraged and
does a lot of damage and is very fast. HARD

7- A small creature similar in style to the Romp-stomp-blocks. Kan be killed with a singled stomp,
but that is the only way to hurt it. Simply walks back and forth otherwise. STOMP


##Enemy types

Type: | Soft | Stomp       | Mega       | Eye            |      Hard      |
Weak: | All  | Romp- Stomp | Mega-punch | Laser or stick | Rock or harder |


##Lethalities
1- Spikes, either instant death or damage.

2- Electric stuff connected to the facility


##Bosses
(IDEA: Give each boss a name that is presented in a cool way)

- The statue
A giant statue in a huge room. It can't move, but when you enter the room and pass a certain spot, the music changes
and room changes color. The statue fires lasers from it's mouth, but it's always clear when and where the statue will be firing. 
The goal is to climb the statue, avoid it's simple attacks and reach it's mouth. A few branches lies in it's mouth, these can
be picked up. Then continue climbing the statue until you reach it's eyes. Poke each eye 2-3 times and it will crumble.
You wake up in it's ruins and can continue your journey. The remains of the statue should always be seen in this room.

Would also be fun of regular enemies spawned around you in order to make it harder for you to reach the top.

- The Burrower (i think this one will not be implemented since we don't have the time (or remade into a puzzle)).
In the lowest place in the map, a sort of mole hides. By this point you have the crawl ability, so you enter a system of tunnels.
In there, a little creature lurks. Since you cannot attack while crawling, it poses a serious danger. It has no real attacks,
but walks a certain pattern in the tunnels. Your job is to surpass it and then somehow either punch it when you have an opening
or drop something on it or something like that.

- The Flying Thing ("Big Bad Bird")
A thing that flies around and spits things at you. The way you defeat him is to shoot laser at his mouth. However, he only opens his mouth when he spits out an enemy. Should have at least a color-change. Once hurt enough, it should become a bit red-er. That means it should move faster, spit more enemies who sometimes are tougher enemies.

- Final Boss
First form
Is a huge character in full armour. It stands to the left of the screen and takes up much of the screen. It moves a bit to the right
and then back, but never mirrors. It throws rocks at you with its hands. If you get to close,
it will laugh at you and punch and kick you. The way to hurt it is to jump up the platforms and hit it's helmet with your laser.
This will cause it to collapse, enabling you to mega-punch it's helmet. Do this enough times and the helmet breaks, round 2. 
If you shoot laser anywhere else, it will simply become stunned for a few seconds. It will also drop a few pick-ups from its hands.

Second form
Is similar to it's first form, but it's head is now revealed. It's mouth is a prefab spawner which opens sometimes.
It still punches and kicks, but it can also charge forward sometimes, especially if you get to close. It still throws rocks.
If you mega-punch it's legs, it will charge and punch/kick you.
If you shoot laser on head, it will simply laugh and charge, if you shoot the body the same thing happens as before.
This time, you need to throw down a rock in it's mouth when it is opened. The head will then become blue and it will choke a bit.
During this time you need to Mega-punch the legs, as this will hurt the armour. Do this enough times and all the armour breaks.

Third form
From the broken armour, only the the head now remains. This form is a little different, as the head is a smaller square which
now jumps around the playing field. It still spawns enemies out of it's mouth, but also shoots laser from it's eyes.
If you throw a rock in it's mouth when opened (if there still are any around), it will simply spit it back at you.
If you mega-punch (or regular punch), it will bite you. If you simply touch it, it will bite you.
You have to stomp it's head in order to hurt it. With each stomp, the fight becomes harder. It does attacks often, spawns 
harder enemies and it moves quicker. After enough hits, it will explode in a satisfying fashion. A timer is now starting, ordering
you to head back to the chair and exit the simulation.




